## Usages Policy

_Last updated February 5th, 2021 for And How Group, LLC._

---

### Usages Policy

This Usage Policy ("Usage Policy", "Policy") documents how And How Group, LLC
("And How", "we", "us", or "our") governs usage of its Services and Website(s)
by individuals ("you", or "your") and describes the allowances, conditions and
restrictions that apply.

And How may request or otherwise collect information that identifies you as a
specific individual or business and can be used to contact or identify you
("Personal Information"). Examples of Personal Information may include your
name, email address, postal address, phone number, certain payment information
(such as credit card or other financial account information and billing
address). And How may also collect Personal Information such as your date of
birth, social security number and/or taxpayer identification number, to
validate your identity or as may be required by law. And How may request
documents to verify this information, such as a copy of your government-issued
identification or photo or a billing statement.

And How's services are intended for users eighteen (18) and older. And How does
not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone younger than age
eighteen (18). If And How becomes aware that a child younger than eighteen (18)
has provided And How with Personal Information, And How will use commercially
reasonable efforts to delete such information from our files. If you are the
parent or legal guardian of a child younger than age eighteen (18) and believe
that And How has collected Personal Information from your child, please contact
us at: **legal@and.how**.

And How may also collect other information, such as zip codes, demographic
data, and general project-related data ("Non-Identifying Information"). And How
may aggregate information collected from users. Certain Non-Identifying
Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were
combined with other identifiers in a way that enables you to be identified (for
example, combining information with your name). But the same pieces of
information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken
alone or combined only with other non-identifying information. And How may
combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information, but And How
will treat the combined information as Personal Information.

And How also may receive information about you from third parties. For example,
And How may supplement the information And How collects with outside records or
third parties may provide information in connection with a co-marketing
agreement or at your request. If And How combines the information received from
others with information And How collects directly, And How will treat the
combined information as described in this And How Usage Policy.

And How or its third party providers may automatically collect certain
information from you whenever you access or interact with And How's website(s).
This information may include, among other information, the browser and
operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to
And How's website(s), the search terms you entered into a search engine that
led you to And How website(s), areas within And How's website(s) that you
visited, and other information commonly shared when browsers communicate with
websites. And How may combine this automatically collected information with
other information And How collect about you. And How does this to improve
marketing, analytics, and site functionality. The information And How collects
may also include the Internet Protocol ("IP") address or other unique device
identifier ("Device Identifier") for any device (computer, mobile phone,
tablet, etc.) used to access And How's website(s). A Device Identifier is a
number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to
access And How's website(s), and our servers identify your device by its Device
Identifier. Some mobile users of And How's website providers may also provide
And How or our third party And How's website providers with information
regarding the physical location of the device used to access And How's
website(s).

And How may send its marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and And How's
website providers may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar
information for security and fraud detection purposes and And How may use third
parties to perform services on And How's website(s) on our behalf.

And How may also collect certain information about your work history, including
descriptions of work previously performed, skills, tests taken, test scores,
hourly pay rates, feedback/rating information and other information
("Profile"). If you believe that an unauthorized Profile has been created about
you, you can contact us to discuss at: **legal@and.how**.

UNLESS YOU REQUEST THAT "We" DELETE CERTAIN INFORMATION, "We" MAY RETAIN THE
INFORMATION THAT "We" HAVE COLLECTED FOR AT LEAST FIVE (5) YEARS AND MAY RETAIN
THE INFORMATION FOR AS LONG AS NEEDED FOR "Our" BUSINESS AND LEGAL PURPOSES.

#### INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE

And How may share aggregated Non-Identifying Information and And How may
otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information to third parties. And How will
not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties'
marketing purposes unless And How first provides you with the opportunity to
opt-in to or opt-out of such sharing. And How may also share the information
And How has collected about you, including Personal Information, as disclosed
at the time you provide your information, with your consent, as otherwise
described in this And How Usage Policy, or in the following circumstances:

- And How may share information regarding Talent that And How deems relevant to
  your potential assignment to a particular Client, including, but not limited
  to, the information contained in your Profile.

- If you have entered into a Service Contract with another User, And How may
  provide the User with your name, address, or tax ID or VAT number in order to
  complete the transaction or to facilitate the resolution of a claim or
  dispute. The user receiving your information is not allowed to use it for
  purposes unrelated to the transaction, such as to contact you for marketing
  purposes, unless you have expressly consented to it.

- And How may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate And
  How's website, to provide And How's website on our behalf, to perform And How
  website-related maintenance, database management, web analytics and online
  advertising, payment processing, fraud detection, and overall improvements of
  And How's features or to assist And How in analyzing how And How's website is
  used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information in
  order to perform these tasks on our behalf.

You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or
marketing offers from one or more third parties. If you agree at that time to
have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be
disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the Usage
Policy and practices of that third party. And How is not responsible for the
privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that
you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need
to contact that third party directly.

And How will share information with government agencies as required by law. And
How must cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private
parties to enforce and comply with the law. And How will disclose information
about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as And
How, in our sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate to respond to
claims and legal process, at the request of governmental authorities or other
third parties conducting an investigation, to protect the property and rights
of And How or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person,
or to prevent or stop activity And How may consider to be, or to pose a risk of
being, illegal, fraudulent, unethical or legally actionable activity. And How
may also use Device Identifiers in cooperation with third parties at our
discretion.

And How may share information, including Personal Information, with its
affiliates, primarily for business and operational purposes. And How may sell,
transfer or otherwise share some or all of And How's assets, including your
Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization
or sale of assets (including, in each case, as part of the due-diligence
process with any potential acquiring entity) or in the event of bankruptcy. You
will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any
change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any
choices you may have regarding your personal information.

You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit
to us, such as your contact information, and you must update any changes by
contacting us directly. And How will use commercially reasonable efforts to
honor your request, provided however that Personal Information may remain in
our archives and may persist internally or for our administrative purposes. It
is not always possible to completely remove or delete information from our
databases.

And How cannot ensure, and does not warrant, the security of any information
you provide to us.

And How's website contains links to other websites. If you choose to click on a
third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. The fact
that And How links to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or
representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an
endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. And
How does not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites
may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or
solicit Personal Information from you. And How encourages you to read the
privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

And How may update this And How Usage Policy at any time and any changes will
be effective upon posting. If you have any questions about this And How Usage
Policy, please contact us at: **legal@and.how**.
